objectiveWork with a partner to explore and collaborate 3 unrelated words and find a design opportunity. Technical Requirements: Final pieces must be in the in the intended medium.Creative Brief:During my play, exploration, and collaboration of my words“mirror, intestine, and vivid” I made a couple of pretty strongconnections with the words and the one that I focused on themost was the concept of “Self” and then farther down that rabbitwhole- the concept of “suicide”. Self presented itself with mythree words differently, “Mirror & Self” showing or physical andexterior self, “Intestine & Self” showing the physical and internal,and lastly “Vivid & Self” showing our memories and imagination. With one of my words being “intestine” my lists and brain mapsgot graphic and dark very quickly,paired with the new concept ofself, I landed on “Suicide”. Once I arrived at a design opportunity, I began visual andfactual research . Interestingly, the majority of the existing addcampaigns, websites, and resources are geared toward youngteenage girls. Even When I thought “suicide” I thought of thatdemographic first too. However, according to the AmericanFoundation of Suicide Prevention 65% of suicides in the UnitedStates are committed by white males ages 45–59. I feel there is adesign opportunity here and I choose to target my design towardthese men.I believe there is a strong need for a message of awareness tothis market mainly because the large numbers of suicide byadult males is a silent epidemic. I believe Bringing attention andawareness to this market will help change the discussion we haveon suicide because it would focus on those who statistically needthe helpFor My Final solution I chose to stick with “The Gentalmental Manual” I wanted a name that was in fact a little playful and approachable. This Collection of Items includes a welcome note, journal, exercises , hiking socks, flashlight, and Reading materials. I made everything pocket sized for those on the go and the covers are minimal so the user has some discretion if they choose to read or journal in public. I also wanted something easy to navigate and to the point for the male audience.